feat: Add terraform_validate support to init modules and providers if needed (#301)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

        - --init-args=-lockfile=readonly
    ```

4. `terraform_validate` hook identifies automatically, if all needed modules are initialized and will reinitialize them if needed before running the `terraform validate` command. If you want to force a module initialization on every run, pass the following argument to its `terraform init`:

    ```yaml
    - id: terraform_validate
      args:
        - --init-args=-get=true
    ```

> 5. Pass the following argument, if you want `terraform_validate` hook to also upgrade all specified providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Pass the following argument, if you want `terraform_validate` hook to also upgrade all specified providers and (if `-get=true` is specified) to (re-)install latest versions of module(s) allowed within configured constraints:
```

Author: @yermulnik  Am I allowed to commit your suggestion directly from GitHub UI or do you want to have PRs with 1 commit and force-pushed?

Reviewer: I'm all fine with committing suggestions from UI (which is what they are for) if @antonbabenko as owner has no objections.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me. AFAIK the PR owner (@jgrumboe) should be able to commit suggestions.

> 5. Pass the following argument, if you want `terraform_validate` hook to also upgrade all specified providers and (if `-get=true` is specified) to (re-)install latest versions of module(s) allowed within configured constraints:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. If you want `terraform_validate` hook upgrade all specified providers and install the latest versions of modules allowed within configured constraints, set:
```

    ```yaml

>     - id: terraform_validate
>       args:
>         - --init-args=-upgrade
>     ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```suggestion
    - id: terraform_validate
      args:
        - --init-args=-upgrade
        - --init-args=-get=true
    ```

    For all possible `terraform init` args, check [official docs](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/commands/init.html).
```
